Add author disclosure to PR template (incentivizing AI usage disclosure) (#119894)
godotengine/godot: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
Provide additional information and explanation of your PR, including areas that you are uncertain of or require special attention from reviewers. For examples, please read our pull request guidelines: https://contributing.godotengine.org/en/latest/pull_requests/pull_request_guidelines.html#explain-your-contributions
-->

## Author disclosure

<!--

> Disclose whether you used generative AI for this PR and if so, for what specifically. Contributions made entirely by AI are prohibited.

Reviewer: I'd lead without AI to make the section less focused on it.

Also, I'd avoid mentioning the "Contributions made entirely by AI are prohibited" here. This is literally the final step to contribution, and if anybody is caught by surprise about it here, I think it would invite a rationalization about why they didn't author it.

```suggestion
If you didn't write any part of the PR yourself, disclose this here.
If you used AI, you need to disclose what you used it for.
```
